how to play That Game

Step 1 all ways shuffle the deck of cards using
you may not have no more than 2 of each suit of playing cards in the deck such as hearts or diamonds as your style of game play.
Each player can start with either 30, 50,70 ,100 points, for beginners go with 30 to begin with, but if you want to do a special match that can be any amount you want.

step 2
Draw 5 cards to start and if you go first draw one to start
The second player may not attack as well due to the rule in step 3.5.
Note the used area on the right hand side of your deck.
Also the remove from game zone is at the top left hand area of the field area only for special rules and ways of spamming your opponent later on in the manual.

Look at the cards in your hand and ask your self do I have any pairs of 2`s or 5`s. If so put one of them in to the field zone and the other into the ability zone. 
Ability area First always  before playing any pairs. And this area is next the side of your deck of cards would be placed.
Field zone is in front of the ability area and for both zones there is no limit to how many cards are allowed to be used.


step 3 
Whenever you do play a card in the field zone or area it hits the wall meaning it cannot attack the turn it is played.
When you want to use a card in the Power/ability zone you must have the card horizontal and it is to be slid backwards below where the end of the deck sits ( this is to remind you what you can and cannot use during your turn)

step 4
When your opponents turn has ended (Before the start of your turn) if you have attacked or blocked or used any card in the ability,
(power)/field zone Return any cards to its original position it was played down when you first used it.

Attacking 
When attacking let your opponent know that you are about to attack so that have a chance to block and it allows for them to respond.
Step 4.5 if you are blocking decide what you want to block with then let your opponent know what you are using to block with.
It is always important to let your opponent respond to what you are wanting to do.


What wins 
The highest amount of 1 or more card blocking or attacking wins.
If it is a tie both cards on both sides loose and go to the used area.
note you cannot attack with no more than 3 cards at once.

Confused yet here is an example of attacking 

Example of attacking 
If you are attacking and you have a 9 and your opponent uses a 10 to block your cards looses and is sent to the used area and you take the difference between the 9 and 10, 
but if that 9 is a club both cards loose because they have the same value adding up to 10. But if your card is higher your opponent has your opponent 
looses the difference in points and their card goes to their used zone. 
Note it is important to remember what value each card is so attacking defending is carried out with out any confusion.

Example of blocking also works the same as attacking
When you are blocking if you have 1 or more cards blocking such as one 9 vs two 5`s the two fives win, 
but if you are blocking with two 6`s vs three 2`s you win and your opponent looses his cards and takes the difference in damage.
Note you cannot attack or block with no more than 3 or more cards at once. For any player.

It is now the end of your turn 
If you have 8 or more cards in hand at the end of you turn you must put 1 back in and shuffle but don’t draw.
When your turn starts, you return any such as cards that have attacked or blocked or if you have used any cards in the ability zone 
(you must) put the card back in the original position it was played the first time.

if you still confused once you play the game it becomes easier if you are visual person and dont like reading all the time ,
i will make video to help you understand how the game works in the furture for anything else.



