rules for that game.

1st
Any card played in the field zone for its first time may not attack.
If any player runs out of cards and cannot draw or loose all there points they loose the game

2nd
Each card has its own value for attacking and defending.
If a card has a value of 5 that is its attack and defence. If has a value higher than it all the value is, is the order of jack, queen, king, ace in that or 
Jack = 11, Queen= 12, king=13, ace=14
Jokers are not allowed. because there is no joking around (lol)

3rd
Each suit has its own unique value and specific use for it.
Field zone 
Diamonds are +1 in defence of it own value of any card in the deck and if card that is diamond has attacked it still has the +1 in defence applied only when defending.
Clubs are +1 in attack of its value when attacking.

Ability zone or (power zone) 
Point gain rule for hearts.
When a heart of any card is place in the ability area that is yours you gain 3 points 


4th Special rules part 1
Cards used in hand 
Hearts during when an attack is happening and you have no cards to defend your self with, 
you can discard a jack king or queen OF HEARTS to stop 1 or more cards attacking and gain point equal to the amount discarded 
This can only be done once per game for each card only and cards must be place in the used area.

Spades rule 
To Ruin the opponent, you can discard a jack king or queen from you hand to the Used area to send 
off the top of your opponents deck equal to the value of the card discarded, 
this can only be done once per game

3 card rule 
This can only be done when you have no pairs in hand and you have 8 cards In hand as well. 
You can put back 3 cards of your choice in to the deck and shuffle then draw three new cards, 
this can only be done when you don’t have anything of use on field to defend with or in hand.
and only 3 times per game

Draw power rule
When you have cards on the field and are sent to the used zone during battle you draw 1 card from your deck, 
but if you have only 10 cards left in the deck that does not apply.

Survival rule 
During battle if you were to loose cards in the field zone you can remove 2 diamonds that have a value of 5 or less
from your hand and/or from the deck to the remove from game zone, so all your cards on field can survive on the field for 1 turn only,
this can only be done twice per game.

Spamming rule
If you have 5 cards or diamonds or hearts but different numbers you can take those 5 cards and show them to your opponent
and place them in the remove from game zone for 1 turn then when your turn comes around, 
you are allowed to play them in your field zone but cannot attack with them, but are allowed to block, 
once 1 more turn has passed you can use them all to attack with.


Equaliser 
When your opponent has 3 or more cards on their field you can remove 2 spades of any value from the used area or hand 
to destroy 2 of your opponents field cards, 
this can only be done once per turn and only if your opponent has 3 or more cards on their field. 
Both players can do this and can only be done once per turn.

(these two rules are Linked)

When you use the equaliser rule you can use the cards from the remove from game zone to help activate the 
5 card rule but you need to have cards already used from the equaliser to bring out resources and 
( example, if you have 2 spades in your hand and 3 in the remove from game zone you can put the two spades in your hand 
and use the 5 card rule and 5 card rules still apply.


Domination
Once per turn you can send  back to the deck  2 cards of your choice and take two cards of your choice, 
but of the (same suit) such as diamonds and place in your hand the cards chosen and shuffle, your deck. 
( both players are allowed to do this once per turn.)









